PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

Lithium Chile's properties are found within the Salar de Arizaro, which represents one of these endorheic (internally drained) basins.

The northern concession area, which is surrounded by Holocene alluvial and colluvial deposits, is located over recent evaporitic deposits; entire tenements are located over the Salar de Arizaro and toward the eastern side, surrounded by Holocene clay deposits. Older sediments from this northeastern area belong to Oligocene-Lower Miocene Vizcachera Formation and include sandstones, volcanic sandstones, pelites, tuffs, gypsum, and halites. Toward the northwest, older granodiorites belonging to the Upper Ordovician, Taca Taca formation, dacites, ignimbrites, and dacitic tuffs belonging to Eocene Santa Ines Volcanic Complex form the boundary of the Salar. The central mining concessions are located over recent evaporitic deposits.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2024)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 261 | 261,000  |
|  Indicated | 302 | 2,237,000  |
|  Inferred | 362 | 1,624,000  |
|  RESERVES | Production period (years) | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Probable | 1-20 | 273 | 490,000  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

Lithium Chile provides clarification on the timing of the special meeting to approve arizaro transaction. Date: January 15, 2026. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Lithium Chile Inc. Arizaro Project

Lithium Chile. Salar de Arizaro Project NI 43-101 Technical Report and pre-feasibility Study Salta, Argentina. July, 2024

Lithium Chile Inc. Corporate Presentation, October 2025

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería