PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The local geology of the Hombre Muerto Salar includes a basement of intrusive, sedimentary and metamorphic rocks from the Precambrian and early Paleozoic, thick sequences of Ordovician marine sedimentary rocks with a roof of continental Mesozoic sedimentary units. These are superimposed by the Miocene to Pliocene volcanic deposits, which are common characteristics of the salt flats in the sedimentary basins of the region.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES

|  RESOURCES (2025) | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t) | K Grade (mg/l) | KCI Eq. (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 866 | 4,738,000 | 7,505 | 14,711,000  |
|  Indicated | 894 | 1,649,000 | 7,837 | 5,181,000  |
|  Inferred | 926 | 1,480,000 | 8,210 | 4,700,000  |
|  RESERVES (2024)* | Production period (years) | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Proven | 1-7 | 884 | 101,200  |
|  Probable | 1-40 | 861.5 | 705,200  |

*Reserves estimate the Hombre Muerto West Project phase 2, in the will field west and Santa Bárbara.

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

$40 Million Placement to Support 30% Expansion, Phase 1 HMW. Date: January 29, 2026. More information

Incentive Regime for HMW Project in Argentina. Date: July 25, 2025. More information

HMW Project Update. Date: September 10, 2025. More information

Full HMW Phase 2 (21Ktpa LCE) Mining Permit Granted. Date: January 6, 2025. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Galan Lithium Limited. Hombre Muerto West Project

Galan Lithium Limited. Euroz Harleys Research – February 2025

Galan Lithium Limited. Annual Report, June 30, 2025

Galan Lithium Limited. Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for 100% owned Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina. December 21, 2020.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería