PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

Salar the Hombre Muerto is one of the most important evaporitic basins in the Argentinean Puna and is the first basin to produce lithium from brine in Argentina. It consists of evaporite deposits formed within an isolated endorheic basin, bounded by pre-Paleozoic, Paleozoic, and Cenozoic-age crystalline metamorphic basement rocks. Fault-bounded bedrock hills occur within and along the margins of the salar basin, further subdividing SdHM into two separate subbasins (eastern and western), each with different evaporite sediment compositions. The Western Subbasin is considered a mature salar, whereas the Eastern Subbasin is considered immature.

Sal de Vida is located in the Eastern Subbasin of SdHM. Immature salars are dominated by clastic deposits with interbedded evaporites. In the Eastern Subbasin, a transition of evaporite facies is observed from basin margins to basin centres, proceeding from sulphates at margins through borates in basin centres.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2025)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 750 | 3,500,000  |
|  Indicated | 740 | 3,000,000  |
|  Inferred | 560 | 700,000  |
|  RESERVES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
|  Proven | 800 | 400,000  |
|  Probable | 740 | 2,038,709  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Arcadium lithium. Sal de Vida Project

Rio Tinto Group. Resources and reserves 2025

Allkem Ltd., Sal de Vida Lithium Brine Project. NI 43-101 Technical Report, Feasibility Study. 27 October 2023.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería