PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

Drilling and hydrogeological information indicate that the Mariana Project in the Llullaillaco Salt Flat is a sedimentary filling complex of a basin, carrying unconfined and interconnected aquifers. They are brine carriers and are found at depths of 328 meters or more. Preliminary geological observation of the boreholes made it possible to recognize 8 lithological types in the well cores carried out in the western, eastern and southern sectors of the basin. The volume of the aquifer is still open in depth since only in two of the boreholes were the volcanic lithologies attributed to the Mesozoic basement intercepted.

## RESOURCES (2021)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 315 | 4,436,000  |
|  Indicated | 326 | 2,418,000  |
|  Inferred | 712 | 1,267,000  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

The company has inaugurated its lithium production plant in General Güemes, Salta, with an investment of $790 million and a capacity of 20,000 tons of lithium chloride per year. In addition, the company built a solar park for the Mariana Project. Date: February 12, 2025. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

- Ganfeng Lithium. Mariana Project
- Ganfeng Lithium. Company Presentation. April, 2025
- Ganfeng Lithium. Annual Report 2025
- Lithium Royalty Corp. Corporate Presentation. November 2025
- Ganfeng Lithium. Advisian. NI 43-101 Technical Report. Preliminary Economic Assessment of the Mariana Lithium Brine Project. Salar de Llullaillaco, Salta Province, Argentina. November 15, 2018

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería