PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The geological framework is given by a southern volcanic range (Tul Tul - Del Medio and Pocitos volcanoes) and the Guayaos mountain range (Ordovicico) in the north, while the rest is comprised by alluvial fields. It shows an almost continuous layer of salt on the surface that reaches variable thicknesses. Borate is 20-30 cm below a layer of halite that makes up the escape. Borates are Ulexite and tincal. Ulexite is up to 50 cm thick and is both solid and nodular. It shows strong contamination with chlorides and sulphates. Tincal occurs at the NE edge of the salt flats and was mined in the old Carolina mine. It occurs in various morphologies, some of which are known to miners as greaves or corn grains. It occurs mainly with a reddish lime-clay ganga.

## RESOURCES (2024)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Indicated | 327 | 640,330  |
|  Inferred | 352 | 91,471  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

Significant progress with 40mw energy infrastructure to power rincon lithium project. Date: January 12, 2026. More information

Quarterly activities report, december 2025. Date: January 30, 2026. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Argosy Minerals Ltd., Rincón Project

Argosy Minerals Ltd., Company presentation. July 2025.

Argosy Minerals Limited., Annual report 2024.

Argosy Minerals Ltd., PEA Results Rincón Lithium Project. November 2018.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería