PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The drills show that the filling of the Kachi basin is predominantly sand dominated by silt and intercalated clays. The surface halite is variable. This leads to a classification of Kachi as an immature salar system. There are ignimbrites inside the sediment of the basin, but of limited distribution and thickness. A conglomerate would form the basis of the sedimentary sequence of the basin that contains brine.

Several depositional geomorphological units can be recognized, including: salar Carachi Pampa; Laguna Carachi Pampa which is a body of salt water fed by volcanic springs on the northeast margin of the salt flat; Vega Carachi Pampa, an ephemeral wetland plain north of the lagoon; and Barreal Carachi Pampa, a clay depression located on the western and northern margins of the salar. These units are partially covered by even more recent alluvial and colluvial sediments and wind sand dunes.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2025)

|  RESOURCES | Lithium (t) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 788,000 | 4,191,000  |
|  Indicated | 751,000 | 3,998,000  |
|  Inferred | 542,000 | 2,885,000  |
|  RESERVES | Production period (years) | Li Metal (t) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Proven | 0-1 | 4,390 | 23,310  |
|  Proven | 2-7 | 28,360 | 150,850  |
|  Probable | 8-25 | 85,060 | 452,540  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

Lake resources has released an updated definitive feasibility study (dfs) for phase one of the globally significant kachi lithium brine project in argentina. date: august 4, 2025. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Lake Resources. Kachi Project

Lake Resources. Investor Presentation, Aug 2025

Lake Resources. Resources and reserves 2025

Lake Resources. Kachi Project Definitive Feasibility Study Addendum

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería