PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The Mineral Resources are based on the Salar del Rincon deposits which are typical of a mature salar with lithium-enriched brine hosted in clastic and evaporitic sediments. The deposits are similar to other lithium brine deposits located in the Puna Plateau which extends across multiple countries and jurisdictions in South America. Active tectonics form and sustain numerous young Cenozoic endorheic basins in the Puna Plateau. North-south aligned thrust faults, grabens, and half grabens frequently create accommodation space, while transverse strikeslip faults or volcanism assist with basin closure. Siliclastic material deposited in the basins is sourced from the surrounding geology of the catchment area, although pre-basin sediments may also occur deeper in the basin and function as aquifers. Sedimentary deposits typically include evaporite deposits dominated by halite with widespread occurrence of gypsum, and travertine from active or dormant hydrothermal springs. The arid environment limits precipitation, and waters migrate downgradient to the salar margin from the surrounding mountains. The aridity and phreatic brine level near land surface promotes groundwater evaporation which concentrates the fluids to form brines enriched in dissolved solids.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2024)

|  RESOURCES | Brine (Mm³) | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 748 | 394 | 1,540,000  |
|  Indicated | 3,419 | 432 | 7,850,000  |
|  Inferred | 1,148 | 374 | 2,290,000  |
|  RESERVES | Brine (Mm³) | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
|  Probable | 1,340 | 350 | 2,070,000  |

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Rio Tinto Group. Rincon Project Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2024

Ministerio de Economia
República Argentina
Secretaría de Minería