PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The salt flats of Pozuelos and Pastos Grandes share the same local stratigraphy. The basins are separated in the northeast of Pozuelos by the Pozuelos and Geste formations. Quaternary rocks are observed in the form of accumulations of evaporites such as halite and borates, carbonates and sulphates that occupy the intermontane depression. The Pastos Grandes salt flats are the current expression of a larger sedimentary basin, known as Sijes developed since the Miocene. The Sijes Formation is made up of sandstones, clays, tuff and evaporites (Halite and Gypsum) and travertine. This unit is a potential aquifer and can store lithium-rich brines. The Lilac White Formation represents a larger ancient salt flat than the current one and is a potential aquifer that can store lithium-rich brines. The Salar de Pastos Grandes is filled with unconsolidated classics (clays and silts), organic material and fine-grained sediments. The age of these sediments is late to recent Quaternary and 30 m thick. The sediments contain lithium-rich brines, which has been demonstrated by exploration work.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2024)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Measured | 471 | 13,242,244  |
|  Indicated | 280 | 1,834,383  |
|  Inferred | 518 | 6,713,437  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

Lithium Argentina Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results and results of PPG Scoping Study. Date: November 10, 2025. More information

Lithium Argentina and Ganfeng Announce PPG Scoping Study Results and Stage 1 Environmental Approval. Date: November 10, 2025. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Lithium Argentina. Pozuelos-Pastos Grandes Project

Lithium Americas. NI 43-101 Report lithium resources update Pastos Grandes project. Salta province, Argentina. April 2023

Lithium Argentina. Inversor presentation. January 2026

Lithium Argentina. Management's discussion and analysis for the three and nine months ended september 30, 2025

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería