PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The project includes the "Tres Quebradas" lagoon, which is not freshwater, but a reservoir of super-saturated brine in sodium, calcium and chlorine. The density of the brine is 1.22 (25% heavier than fresh water). It is black in color due to its content of manganese and other metals. There are two large salars within the area, they are formed by a very rough surface, which suggests that it is a mature salt formed mostly by a sodium chloride core. The contribution of fresh water to the salt is limited to the extreme south where the Valle Ancho River and the Piscis River enter. All the rivers at the northern end of the complex provide thermal waters laden with metals. The waters that enter the salt flats are, on the one hand, alkaline and carbonated, and acidic with a high metallic content. There are more than a dozen thermal contributions and some have lithium contents of up to 1,000 mg/l, which is a worldwide record. These contributions go directly to the salt flat and the "Tres Quebradas" lagoon where they are concentrated by evaporation.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2024)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  M&I | 400 | 5,966,191  |
|  Inferred | 400 | 2,329,900  |
|  |   |   |
|  RESERVES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
|  Proven | 675 | 990,491  |
|  Probable | 675 | 587,600  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

The company has announced the launch of the 3Q Lithium Project, with an initial capacity of 20,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate, marking its first venture located in Fiambalá, Catamarca. Date: September 15, 2025. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Zijin Mining Group Ltd. Tres Quebradas Project
NEO Lithium Corp. Feasibility Study (FS) - 3Q Project NI 43-101 Technical Report Catamarca, Argentina. November 25, 2021

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería