PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The Salar de Tolillar is located in the Geological Province of La Puna (Turner, 1972) and within the Puna Austral Geological Sub-province (Alonso et al., 1984a, 1984b). One of the most important characteristics that define the Geological Province of Puna, is the presence of evaporitic basins, or "salars", where important deposits of borates, sodium sulphate, and lithium can concentrate. Salars near the Tolillar Project area include: Hombre Muerto, Antofalla, Ratones, Pocitos, Centenario, and Diablillos.

One of the most important characteristics that define the Geological Province of La Puna, is the presence of evaporitic basins, where important deposits of borates, sodium sulphate, and lithium salts occur. The Salar de Tolillar occupies one of these endorheic (internally drained) basins. The oldest rocks in the area are the Tolillar Formation, which consists of graywackes and marine sediments assigned to the Tremadocian period (early Ordovician), mainly located North and South of the Salar. This formation is intruded by gabbro dikes that form part of the Ojo de Colorados Basic Complex, which are also assigned to the Tremadocian period.

## RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2023)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Indicated | 232 | 3,626,000  |
|  Inferred | 180 | 1,393,000  |

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Alpha lithium Corp. Tolillar Project NI 43-101 Technical Report Update on Preliminary Economic Assessment Salta, Argentina. Date: August 10, 2023.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería