PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | LITHIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Deposit Geology

The deposit type is a brine aquifer within a salar basin. Salar de Diablillos is a detrital salar, located in the northwest portion of the Diablillos hydrographic basin. The hydrographical basin is an enclosed intermountain plane with a length of approximately 40 km in the north-south direction and a width of approximately 15 km in the east-west. The Salar surface covers approximately 33 km².

The hydrothermal fluids that are inferred to be the source of boron to the basins have been associated with correlative levels of lithium and potassium (Viramonte, Alonso, Gutierrez &amp; Arganaz, 1984). It is possible to classify the salars of the region based on this association between lithium and borates in two groups: lithium-borate rich and lithium-borate deficient.

## RESOURCES (2016)

|  RESOURCES | Li Grade (mg/l) | Lithium Metal (t) | LCE (t)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Indicated | 501 | 194,860 | 1,037,240  |
|  Inferred | 410 | 189,130 | 1,006,739  |

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

The Salta government released the Environmental Impact Statement for construction of a first phase 10,000 tons per year LCE plant, with plans to expand to 30,000 tpa LCE. Date: July 1, 2024.

## More information

PLASA y Salta Exploraciones SA have formed a 50/50 joint venture for the development of a 2,500 tpa lithium production facility at SDLA restricted to 100 hectares (~1%) of the 8,854 hectares that comprise the Sal de Los Ángeles project. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

Lithium X. Sal de los Ángeles Project

P.L.A.S.A. Litio Angeles Argentina Project

Lithium X. Investor presentation

Lithium X. Technical Report Resource Estimate for Lithium &amp; Potassium Sal de los Angeles Project, February 2017

Xizang Zhufeng. Sal de los Ángeles Project

Evolve Royalties. Inversor Presentation, December 2025

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería