PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The oldest units in the region correspond to the igneous-metamorphic basement, represented by the Neoproterozoic to Eopaleozoic schists, gneisses and migmatites of the Cushamen Formation, and the granitic, grano-dioritic and tonalitic intrusives eopaleozoics to neopaleozoics of the Mamil Choique and Lipetrén Formations. The Jurassic vulcanites of the Garamilla Formation are arranged on the basement units, which include rhyolites, rhyodacites and pyroclastic rocks of similar composition. These rocks are covered by the Jurassic deposits of the Taquetrén Formation, made up of andesitic ignimbrites interspersed by andesitic and dacitic lava bodies, considered equivalent to the Lonco Formation Trapial (Wernert M. S., et al., 2024).

Hodgkin and Rivera (2001) defined the Calcatreu Volcano-Tectonic Basin for the deposit area. This back-arc or intra-arc basin would have experienced extensional structuring under a pull-apart regime, with normal faulting of NE-SW vergence. According to the authors, this dynamic would be associated with the tectonism of the Gastre Fault Zone, and would have led to the genesis of at least 5 rhyolitic to andesitic volcanic events in the basin, equivalent to the Garamilla and Taquetrén formations, and to which it would also be associated the emplacement of intermediate to acidic porphyries responsible for hydrothermalism linked to the epithermal mineralization of Calcatreu. During the Cretaceous, the continental sedimentites of the Angostura Colorada Formation were deposited on the previous units, followed by the shallow and transitional marine sedimentites of the Coli Toro Formation. The Cenozoic stratigraphy of the region includes volcanic rocks of the Huitrera Formation, which include andesites, basalts, trachytes, rhyolites and ignimbrites of intermediate composition, and that correspond to the Paleocene-Eocene. Above and during the Miocene-Pliocene, the tuffs of the Collón Curá Formation were, as well as various basaltic plateau units. Quaternary deposits are represented by fluvial, alluvial and lagoon sedimentites, as well as modern plateau basalts.

## Deposit Geology

The Calcatreu project includes numerous swarms of epithermal veins and associated stockworks, filled with multiple pulses of silica, carbonates, adularia and few sulphides, with a predominance of banded and brecciated textures. Based on this mineralogy and its textures, the project is classified as a low-sulfidation epithermal system according to Hedenquist et al. (2000) or as an Au-Ag deposit of the adularia-sericite type according to the models proposed by Corbett and Leach (1998). The main mineralized bodies of the deposit include veins 49, Nelson E, Nelson O, Castro N, Castro S, Belén, Mariano, Amistad, Amancay and Viuda de Castro, as well as other minor mineralized zones. The bodies are generally arranged in a NE-SW direction, with the exception of the Viuda de Castro vein, whose orientation is E-W.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería