PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The Andean volcanic arcs are concentrated along the north-trending axis of the Puna region, and along several northwest-trending structural transverse zones. The western part of the Salta Province is underlain by Paleogene and Neogene continental volcanic arcs and related sedimentary rock of the Andean cycle. Sedimentary rocks are deposited in large back-arc continental basins similar to the Siete Curvas basin, a portion of which is active and includes the Salar de Arizaro basin.

The Lindero and Arizaro Deposits are located in the southern Archibarca volcanic belt, which is characterized by adjacent or superimposed stratovolcano complexes commonly manifested by eroded volcanic cones. Rocks exposed in these belts include andesite and dacite porphyries and coeval volcanic and volcaniclastic rocks. The Siete Curvas basin is structurally bounded by large regional structures: to the north by the Calama-Olacapato-El Toro Transverse Structure, and to the south by the Archibarca Transverse Structure. The transverse zones are interpreted to be surface expressions of ancient deep crustal trans-lithospheric structures, which were initially related to the opening of the proto-Atlantic Ocean in the Cretaceous, and have been periodically reactivated (Richards, 2000). The East Fissure fault zone and the Pocitos linear zone bound the basin to the west and east, respectively. These regional north-south-trending structures are interpreted to represent suture zones of accreted terranes, similar to the West Fissure fault zone of northern Chile (Richards, 2000). Presently the trans-lithospheric structures mark the transition from flat-slab to steep-slab subduction off the west coast of South America.

## Deposit Geology

The Lindero deposit is a gold porphyry system hosted within a series of diorite to monzonite porphyritic stocks that intrude coarse-grained Ordovician granites and Early Tertiary red bed sandstones. Gold-copper mineralization shows a strong relationship to lithology, potassium-feldspar alteration, and stockwork veining.

The gold mineralization at Lindero consists of two principal ore types: an oxide (weathered) type; and a hypogene (unweathered, fresh) type. These ore types are contained within a gold-copper mineralized, potassic altered, porphyry deposit which is amenable to open pit mining and heap leach processing. Gold mineralization is hosted within quartz-magnetite, quartz sulfide and biotite, chalcopyrite veinlets with haloes of disseminated chalcopyrite and magnetite. Copper mineralization is predominantly as chalcopyrite with minor bornite. In the supergene oxidized zones (oxides), copper occurs as copper oxides and chrysocolla.

Ministerio de Economía
República Argentina
Secretaría de Minería