PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Type of deposit - High Sulphidation Epithermal Style (Au-Ag)

### Regional Geology

Taguas is located at the northern end of the Cura Valley volcanic belt, of tertiary age, and on the eastern flank of the El Indio metallogenic belt (Siddeley and Araneda, 1990). The physical continuity of the volcanism and stratigraphy of the thin Chilean Cura Valley volcanic belt has been confirmed by several regional studies (Ramos 1995, 1998 and Godeas et al., 1993). The Cura Valley belt has similarities with the Chilean flank in both age and type of basement and alterations (Davidson and Mpodozis, 1991) and is an extension of the El Indio belt in Argentina.

### Deposit Geology

The Taguas property is home to a high-sulfidation gold-silver epithermal system housed in altered Tertiary volcanic rhyolites. Supergene gold-silver oxide mineralization occurs in the southern half of Taguas, at Cerro Taguas Norte, Cerro Taguas Sur, Cerro III and Cerro IV. This mineralization consists of sub-vertical mineralized structures, which also impact in the northeast, in a zone of lower grade mineralization. The high grade zones range in width from 1.5m to 8m and in length from 40m to over 500m. High grade zones consist of relatively continuous mineralization with gold grades ranging from 0.2 to over 4.0 g/t Au and 10 to over 50 g/t Au. Oxidation extends from the surface to approximately 200m below the surface. Gold-silver sulphides (pyrite-enargite) have been found in the north central zone of the property, at Cerro Campamento, and at Cerro Silla Sur. In addition, intersections grading over 50 g/t Au and 100 g/t Ag have been recognized in discrete mineralized vein structures ranging in length from 1.5 m to 5 m. Evidence of porphyry copper-gold mineralization has also been found on the Taguas property.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería