PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The Deseado Massif's basement rock consists of the Cambrian-aged metasedimentary rocks of the "La Modesta" Formation, intruded by granites and tonalites. The fluvial Permo-Triassic sequences of the "La Juanita" and "La Golondrina" formations unconformably overlie these. They are deposited in an NNW-trending rift basin that formed along older reactivated basement structures. The Jurassic Bahia Laura Volcanic Complex is the main host of the widespread epithermal mineralisation that defined the Deaseado Massif's metallogenic character. The Bahia Laura Volcanic Complex compromises bimodal sequences. It represents widespread volcanism formed on an extensional tectonic regime related to intracontinental rifting (Fernandez, 2020).

The volcanic succession includes successively intercalated rocks of the Bajo Pobre, Cerro León, Chon Aike, and La Matilde formations, which reveal their coeval nature. The Bajo Pobre Formation and its intrusive equivalent, the Leon Formation, consist of calc-alkaline andesite and basaltic-andesite lavas flow, volcaniclastic deposits, and subvolcanic plugs (Fernandez, 2020).

The Chon Aike Formation is a felsic composition consisting of rhyolitic and dacitic ignimbrites with epiclastic deposits and ash-fall tuffs. The upper unit of the Bahia Laura Volcanic Complex is the lacustrine tuffs and tuffaceous sediments of the La Matilde Formation (Fernandez et al., 2020).

This Bi-modal volcanism, including the rhyolitic and andesitic flow and tuffaceous volcaniclastic lithologies of the Middle to Upper Jurassic age, is widely present on the Mina Don Nicolás. Numerous fault and fracture zones (which served as conduits for hydrothermal activity during periods of Jurassic volcanism) created a network of widespread, shallow mineralised "epithermal" fissure veins, breccias, and stock-work systems, many of which carry economic Au and Ag mineralisation.

## Deposit Geology

Gold-silver mineralisation is associated with epithermal deposits. The Jurassic Bahia Laura Volcanic Complex is the main host of the widespread epithermal Mineralisation that defined the Deseado Massif's metallogenic character.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería