PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

Hualilan is located within the Central Precordillera. The área is a fold and thrust belt incorporating shallow marine and terrestrial sedimentary rocks of a lower Palaeozoic back-arc basin with minor volcanic and intrusive rocks. Porphyry intrusive rocks with dacitic and tonalitic composition range in age from 13 Ma to 5 Ma. The area is flanked to the north, west and south by diversity of mineral deposits from large tonnage copper and gold porphyries, skarn, manto and Carlin-style replacement deposits and epithermal deposit, as well as vein and breccia-hosted deposits.

## Deposit Geology

The Project is the site of extensive zinc skarn mineralisation with a gold overprint which makes it a somewhat unique style of mineralisation.

Commonly zinc skarns occur in continental settings associated convergent tectonic plate margins as is the case at Hualilan, located in the pre-cordillera of the western South American convergent plate margin. Zinc skarns commonly contain high grade zinc, lead, and silver although zinc is usually dominant. Mineralisation and skarn alteration at Hualilan occurs in all three main rock types.

In all host rocks, the zinc skarn mineralisation is overprinted by a slightly later phase of gold – silver mineralisation. This second phase of mineralisation is mesothermal to deep epithermal and may be related to but is separate from the zinc skarn. Importantly, the gold mineralisation is deposited in the same reactivated faults and fractures as the zinc skarn.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería