PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The Cerro Negro gold-silver veins are located near the northwestern margin of the Deseado Massif, a 60,000 square kilometres rigid crustal block in southern Argentina bounded to the north by the Rio Deseado, to the south by the Rio Chico, to the east by the Atlantic coast, and to the west by the Andean Cordillera. The massif is in a backarc position relative to the Andean subduction system and is flanked by the subsiding Golfo de San Jorge and Austral sedimentary basins to the north and south, respectively. The massif is regarded by some authors as a Late Proterozoic to Permian allochthonous terrane that collided with Gondwana in the early Permian, and by others as an autochthonous part of the Gondwana continent. The Deseado Massif hosts numerous low-sulphidation epithermal vein systems (Sillitoe and Hendenquist, 2003).

A late Triassic to late Cretaceous (230–65 Ma) extensional phase, linked to the opening of the South Atlantic Ocean, triggered extensive Mesozoic and Cenozoic magmatism throughout the massif. Magmatic activity commenced in the early Jurassic, with the intrusion of granitoids and eruption of coeval pyroclastic and epiclastic volcanic rocks. Andesitic to rhyolitic volcanism continued through the mid- to late Jurassic, culminating in the deposition of epiclastic sediments in the early Cretaceous. Mid- to late Jurassic volcanism in the Deseado Massif is conventionally divided into the andesitic Bajo Pobre Formation and the rhyolitic Bahia Laura Complex, the latter comprising the Chon Aike and La Matilde Formations.

Basaltic volcanism commenced in the Cretaceous and continued throughout the Cenozoic; volcaniclastic sediments were deposited and tuffs were erupted in the early Tertiary. These units are overlain by extensive Pleistocene fluvial gravel terraces.

## Deposit Geology

The known deposits and prospects at Cerro Negro are distributed within and east of a volcanic-subvolcanic complex flanked and overlain by a series of rhyolite domes. The eruptive products of the rhyolite domes form an ignimbrite apron, which post-dates the mineralization and forms extensive outcrops north and south of the volcanic-subvolcanic complex. These post-mineral ignimbrites have preserved the epithermal systems, as well as lacustrine sediments, travertine, and sinter deposited at the Late Jurassic paleo-surface. Older ignimbrites that lie east of the volcanic-subvolcanic complex host mineralization at Bajo Negro and Vein Zone.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería