PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | URANIUM

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The Laguna Salada Project is located near the western edge of the Cretaceous San Jorge Basin, which covers most of Chubut Province. The basement to the San Jorge basin comprises a sequences sedimentary, metamorphic, intrusive and volcanic rocks of Paleozoic and Triassic age. Overlain by the Jurassic Complex of the Marifil Formation.

The basal part of the San Jorge basin consists of conglomerates and sandstones of the Cretaceous Puesto Manuel Arce Formation, and sandstones and interlayered mudstones of the Early Tertiary Salamanca Formation.

In the Project area, the Puesto Manuel Arce and Salamanca Formations are unconformably overlain by Quaternary strata of fluvial and alluvial origin that constitute the Pleistocene Pampa de Arroqui (or Montemayor) Formation and the Holocene Gran Laguna Salada Formation.

## Deposit Geology

The mineralización at Laguna Salada is contained in flat-topped mesas that are approximately 10 meters highest than the surrounding plain, on the north bank of the Río Chico, one of principal rivers in the region that flows northeast into the Río Chubut. Uranium mineralisation in the Laguna Salada Project occurs in several lithological associations:

- In the unconsolidated gravels of the Pampa de Arroqui Formation
- In the unconsolidated gravels of the Gran Laguna Salada Formation

Near the unconformity between the Quaternary strata, Pampa de Arroqui and Gran Laguna Salada Formations, and its substratum that include sandstone and pelite of the Salamanca Formation and sandstone and gravels of the Puesto Manuel Arce Formation.

## RESOURCES (2011)

|  RESOURCES | U_{x}O_{x} (%) | V_{x}O_{x} (ppm) | U_{x}O_{x} (MLbs) | V_{x}O_{x} (MLbs)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Indicated | 0.01 | 550 | 6.3 | 57.1  |
|  Inferred | 0.01 | 590 | 3.8 | 26.9  |

## SOURCES CONSULTED

IsoEnergy Ltd. Laguna Salada Project

U3O8 Corp. Preliminary Economic Assessment of the Laguna Salada Uranium-Vanadium Deposit, Chubut Province, Argentina. September 8, 2014

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería