PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | COPPER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

It is found in the post-accretionary metallogenetic belt of the magmatic arc during the neogene (Tertiary). Between 30° and 34° Lat. S, during the middle Miocene (18–15 Ma) a horizontalization of the Nazca plate began and its consequent cortical thickening. Magmatic activity reaches a great development in the provinces of San Juan and center of Mendoza. With the progressive horizontalization of the plate produces a migration of the arch towards the east. These particular conditions give rise to a magmatism that culminates with episodes of hydrothermal alteration and high sulfurization gold mineralization. Another important type of mineralization is the Copper-Molybdenum porphyry such as Pachón, Mercerdario in San Juan; Paramillos, San Jorge and San Benicio in Mendoza; with locally associated vetiform polymetallic deposits.

## Deposit Geology

The deposit is located in the Cordillera Principal, formed by a basement of granitoids and vulcanites (Gr. Choiyoi), above in discordance there are jurassic sedimentary units, on them – also in discordance – lie stratified and andesitic vulcanites and to a lesser extent rhyolitic and riodacitics (Fm. Pachón). The latter is locally intruded by mesosilicic bodies, granular to porphyric, with which mineralization is linked. The sequence of deposit formation was synthesized by Lencinas and Tonel (1994): 1-Intrusion of the Diorita Pachón stock. 2-Formation of the porphyric copper system. 3-Posthumous intrusion of dioritic porphyry in whose intrusive dome there is magmatic breccia with accumulation of hydrothermal fluids. 4-Hydrothermal brecciation, alteration and mineralization of the breccia. 5-Intrusion of the dacitic porphyry at the northern limit of the hydrothermal breccia. 6-Formation of poorly mineralized tourmaline breccias. 7-Leaching and supergenic enrichment.

The formation stage of the hydrothermal breccia is accompanied by a sinking of 50 to 70 m from the breccia body relative to the surrounding volcanoes.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería