PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | COPPER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

Corresponds to the Post-accretionary Metallogenetic Belt associated with the Neogene Magmatic arc (Tertiary), linked to transtensional areas with NE-SW orientation. This belt in the transition zone (26°-30°) is characterized by a little evolved volcanism of the middle Miocene that widens to the east, linked to particular geotectonic conditions. It includes northwest corridors that control magmatic and hydrothermal activity, including Agua Rica and Bajo la Alumbrera. These corridors host polymetallic mineralizations in the north (Farallón Negro in Catamarca) and porphyries with subtypes linked to the characteristics of magmatism and the structural mechanisms with which they are associated.

## Deposit Geology

The property is prospective for both high grade gold-copper-silver veins and large tonnage copper-gold porphyry mineralization. Cerro Atajo is centered on an intrusive complex within the same host rock as the nearby Alumbrera mine. (Yamana MD&amp;A June 30, 2016) The Agua Rica deposit is a Cu-Mo-Au porphyry deposit with a polymetallic epithermal overprint. Three major stages of alteration/mineralization are clearly recognized: early porphyry Cu-Mo-Au, later epithermal Cu-Au-Ag-As-Pb-Zn, and supergene Cu enrichment. Supergene leaching and enrichment has replaced pyrite, chalcopyrite and bornite with near surface high-grade chalcocite, covellite and digenite which grades down to a zone of covellite and digenite without chalcocite, and then into primary chalcopyrite-pyrite mineralization below the defined open pit. Almost all copper ore is covellite or chalcocite.

Ministerio de Economía
República Argentina
Secretaría de Minería