PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | COPPER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The mining property is located within the Frontal Cordillera on the eastern flank of the Andes and its host rock is the Permian-Triassic batolithic rocks of the Choiyoi Formation. There are also volcanic rocks from the Tertiary period assigned to the Doña Ana Group. The latter are intruded by quartz-dioritic porphyry of estimated Miocene age.

It is a copper-gold porphyry type deposit. The geological characteristics, which include the tenor and the style of mineralization, the lithology of the host rock and the patterns of alteration and distribution of the mineralization, are similar to other Andean porphyry of the metallogenetic belt.

## Deposit Geology

At Josemaría, associated gold-copper mineralization occurs within altered intrusive dacitic rocks and hydrothermal breccias, accompanied by anhydrite, magnetite, pyrite, hematite, gypsum, quartz and sericite.

Most of the copper and gold mineralization is within the Miocene porphyry system, which forms an elongated body, with dimensions at least 900 m NS and 600-700 m EW and 600-700 m vertically. The deposit is open both to the south and to the north. In fact, in the 2012/13 season the company carried out a program of more than 7,000 meters of diamond with the intention of checking said extension. According to the results already published, it is very likely that the north-south size of the deposit will increase considerably.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería