Key Minerals

# FOR THE ENERGY TRANSITION

Ministerio de Economía
República Argentina
Secretaría de Minería

---

KEY MINERALS For the Energy Transition

# DISCLAIMER

The purpose of this Secretariat of Mining publication is to disseminate third-party information on the exploratory results of advanced projects and the country's geological mining potential.

The data has been compiled from various public sources available, including, but not limited to, websites of operating/controlling companies and their technical reports published under international standards, thus ensuring a level of reliability.

It is essential to advise that, in certain cases, the data recorded corresponds to estimates.

In this regard, the Secretariat of Mining assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or veracity of such information, as it exceeds its jurisdiction.

To obtain accurate and thorough information on the legal, social, or environmental status of the projects, the interested parties should consult directly with the competent local authorities. This recommendation is given because deposits are property of the Nation or the Provinces, according to their territorial jurisdiction (Articles 124 and 75, paragraph 12 of the National Constitution, and Article 7 and related articles of the National Mining Code).

Nothing about this publication or its updates could be interpreted as an acknowledgment or advance opinion of the Secretariat of Mining at any proceedings before it. The Secretariat of Mining decisions will be issued at the appropriate time and after following every stage of the corresponding administrative procedure.

Consequently, the public information generated by the institutional administrative mechanisms presented here has a technical and referential character, consisting of specific and relevant data for informational purposes. It's use will not be admitted at any proceedings, not even Registries and/or application in promotional schemes.

The Secretariat of Mining is not responsible for the improper use or misinterpretation of this information.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería
