PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

Cerro Moro is located within the Deseado Massif, a tectonic block in the central portion of the Santa Cruz Province that covers an area of approximately 60,000 square kilometers. The massif is underlain by the Patagonian Terrane, an early Palaeozoic to Permian allochthonous terrane that collided with Gondwana in the early Permian; it consists of Lower Palaeozoic meta-sedimentary rocks of the La Modesta Formation (also known as the Rio Deseado Complex) that are intruded by granites of Lower to Middle Palaeozoic age. The terrane is in turn unconformably overlain by continental sandstone of the La Golondrina and El Tranquilo Formations, which were deposited during the Permian and through the late Triassic (Panza and Márquez, 1994).

During the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, the region underwent extensional tectonics and volcanism. The initial response was deposition of the epiclastic and pyroclastic Roca Blanca Formation, followed by the widespread extrusion of mafic volcanic rocks of the Bajo Pobre Formation during the Middle Jurassic. During the Middle and Upper Jurassic, these rocks were overlain by felsic and intermediate volcanic rocks and epiclastic sediments of the Bahía Laura Group. The Bahía Laura Group includes the Chon Aike and La Matilde formations. The Chon Aike Formation consists of a thick sequence of rhyolitic ignimbrites, tuffs, and volcaniclastic rocks; it is interpreted to host the gold mineralization at Cerro Moro. The La Matilde Formation is characterized by well-bedded epiclastic volcanic sandstone, felsic pyroclastic rocks, and some andesitic rocks (Panza and Marquez, 1994, Pankhurst et al., 2000).

During the Paleocene epoch, the region was covered with continental and marine sediments. More recently, during the Late Tertiary to Early Quaternary, basaltic lava flows were extruded over parts of the Deseado Massif but these lavas are not observed at Cerro Moro.

## Deposit Geology

The Cerro Moro, gold-silver mineralization is associated with low-sulphidation epithermal veins, stockwork, and breccia units. Phreatic breccias (unit Hbx) are commonly spatially associated with low-sulphidation veins consisting of quartz, some adularia, and variable concentrations of pyrite, acanthite, sphalerite, and other very minor base metal sulphides.

Ministerio de Economía
República Argentina
Secretaría de Minería

---

PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | GOLD

# RESOURCES AND RESERVES (2025)

|  RESOURCES | Grade |   | Metal Content  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  Au (g/t) | Ag (g/t) | Au (kOz) | Ag (kOz)  |
|  Measured | 4.87 | 277 | 39.2 | 2,200  |
|  Indicated | 5.58 | 254 | 135.1 | 6,100  |
|  Inferred | 6.85 | 164 | 145.7 | 3,500  |
|  RESERVES | Grade |   | Metal Content  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  Au (g/t) | Ag (g/t) | Au (kOz) | Ag (kOz)  |
|  Proven | 9.94 | 223 | 92.2 | 2,100  |
|  Probable | 5.59 | 282 | 57.6 | 2,900  |

# COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

The firm has presented operating results for 2025 and a positive guidance for 2026, highlighting the Cerro Moro project, located in the province of Santa Cruz, which reached a production of 2.51 million ounces of silver and 83,100 ounces of gold in 2025. Date: january 20, 2026. More Information

Pan American Silver Reports Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources as at June 30, 2025
Date: September 11,2025. More Information

# SOURCES CONSULTED

Pan American Silver. Cerro Moro Project
Pan American Silver Corp. Reserves and resources June 30, 2025.
Yamana Gold. NI 43-101 Technical report Cerro Moro Gold-Silver mine, Santa Cruz province, Argentina. August 26, 2022.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería

---

Cerro Negro, Santa Cruz
