PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | SILVER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The San José mine is located in Deseado Massif of the Santa Cruz province. The massif consists of the Paleozoic metamorphic basement unconformably overlain by Middle to Upper Jurassic bimodal andesitic and rhyolitic volcanics and volcaniclastics. Cretaceous sediments and Tertiary to Quaternary basalt overlie the Jurassic volcanic.

## Deposit Geology

The San José mine is located in the northwest corner of the Deseado Massiff, where Jurassic bimodal volcanics host numerous quartz veins bearing gold and silver. Low sulphidation silver-gold and polymetallic mineralization accompanied Jurassic magmatism and deformation in the Deseado Massif.

The Jurassic rocks are divided into the Bajo Pobre Formation, predominantly of intermediate composition, and the felsic Bahia Laura Group. The Jurassic units are overlain by Cretaceous sedimentary rocks and Tertiary flood basalts. The Bajo Pobre Formation is the main host for gold and silver mineralization, where veins are typically developed in competent andesite flows at the Huevos Verdes, Frea and Kospi deposits on the San José Property and to a lesser extent in volcaniclastic units. The San José deposits are considered to be typical LS Ag-Au epithermal vein deposits.

The main structural trend of fault and vein systems is north-west to north-northwest. Less prominent are east-striking faults and veins and those north to northeast striking. Mineralization in the San José area occurs as low sulfidation epithermal quartz veins, breccias and stockwork systems accompanying normal-sinistral faults. The main structural trend of fault and vein systems on the property is northwest to north-northwest, together with less prominent east striking and north to northeast striking faults and veins.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería