PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | SILVER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional Geology

The geological province of the Puna was described by Turner (1970). It forms the southern end of the Bolivian Altiplano and corresponds to a belt, morphologically between the "Cordillera Oriental" to the east and passing transitionally into the "Sierras Pampeanas Septentrionales" to the south. The Puna is characterized by an elevated plateau with an average altitude of 4,000 meters above sea level. The border between Argentina and Chile forms the western boundary, defined by volcanoes of the upper Cenozoic volcanic arc.

The basement is composed of marine sediments and low-grade metamorphic rocks, which are Ordovician in age and are highly deformed along the western margin. These sediments overlie a metamorphic basement, which is identified in the north by the presence of xenoliths brought to surface by Tertiary volcanics, while in the south these metamorphic rocks are found in outcrop.

The geological province of the Puna has been subdivided into two sectors (Alonso et al. 1984) according to their regional geological characteristics, namely the Puna Septentrional or Puna Jujena and the Puna Austral or Puna Salto catamarquena. The oldest rocks outcropping in the Puna Jujena are Ordovician in age, while those in the Puna Saltocatamarquena are Proterozoic metamorphic rocks. The Calama-Olacapato-El Toro lineament forms the boundary between the two sub-provinces. Other differences are an Ordovician eruptive belt in the south and the development of lower Quaternary basaltic volcanism related to an extensional event.

## Deposit Geology

The properties are located within a basin-and-range type terrane with north-trending linear blocks bounded by high angle reverse faults separating Tertiary-age strike-slip (pull-apart) basins, many of which have developed salt flats or salars. All lithologies in the vicinity of La Providencia have been altered to a varying degree both locally and on a property scale. Pervasive hematization has resulted in the red hue evident in the Dark Red Conglomerate and the Eocene sandstones.

Approaching the mineralized zones, carbonate content in the rocks becomes higher and, as mineralization increases, there is an increase in the abundance of sericite until, in the core of the higher grade zone, sericite appears to replace biotite and plagioclase. Calcite, on the other hand, appears depleted in the higher grade core zones.

## COMPANY'S ANNOUNCEMENT

Jujuy: Providencia Mine Reactivated for Gold Production Date: May 13, 2021. More information

## SOURCES CONSULTED

HANAQ Group. Providencia Project

SEGEMAR

Report Control Form. NI 43-101 Repor. Technical Report on the Providencia Silver Project, Jujuy province, Argentina.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería