PORTFOLIO OF ADVANCED PROJECTS | SILVER

# PROJECT GEOLOGY

## Regional geology

The project is located at the eastern end of the Puna unit in Argentina. Dominated by tertiary rocks of the El Quevar volcanic complex, these Shoshone rocks result from a rift basin during the Cretaceous to the Paleocene. It is bounded by structural lines (120° heading) to the north (Calama-Olacapato-Toro) and another parallel to the south. An older, secondary lineament system of 25° heading is interpreted to be associated with folding of the basement rocks during the Palaeozoic. The El Quevar volcanic complex was formed from the Miocene to the early Quaternary in several events. The dominant product was ignimbritic flows covered by rhyolithic flows and followed by andesitic flows and dacitic intrusions (domes). The latter related to alteration and mineralization events. Erosion windows expose the intrusive and extensive areas of alteration. The southern window includes the mineralized areas of El Quevar. And to the North the Campo Viejo target.

## Deposit Geology

The geology of the project is characterized by the presence of dacite domes associated with breccia complexes. These cover hematetic breccias and slope to the southwest. The ensemble is overprinted by argillic alteration and silicification controlled by E-W structures and later NE-SW faults. Along the earlier structures mineralization is associated with Vuggy Silica and Silico Pyrite alteration in brecciated rock (auto-breccia). In the Yaxtché deposit the mineralization is associated with intensely altered and structurally controlled zones within the older volcanic rocks. Silver-bearing sulfides are mostly in gap-filling veins and less frequently disseminated.

Ministerio de Economía República Argentina Secretaría de Minería